hi i'm bruno sammartino how much ring
fever and there is no cure we're worth
the Hall of Fame luncheon at the Arnold
in uh I haven't seen Brunel in a while
and obviously I've known Brunel for a
long time we're both from Pittsburgh
Pennsylvania and he's one of the guys I
looked up to if not the guy I looked up
to when I was growing up becoming a
wrestler so it's always an honor see
brilla but we're good friends now and
it's great to have a mutual respect with
the guy that you looked up to your whole
life
absolutely I must have been exciting
meeting him for the first time yeah well
I just remember as a kid going to the
Civic Center and watching him
Russell Larry's abisco and it was you
know you see the impact it has on you
and then you end up doing it yourself
and you know that you're impacting other
individuals younger individuals and it
makes me feel good I was able to
somewhat do what Bruno did when he you
know when he was the man he was the man
still is so I just hope that one day I
am inducted the Hall of Fame just like
Bruno was first of all very flattered
that the kind words that Curt says I
look up to him because who has achieved
more than this guy has to make it all
the way to the Olympics but then not
only to make it to the Olympian which is
a tremendous feat but then to come out
with the gold that you know that's
that's oh that's good an enormous you
know so talk about all the fame Kurt if
you don't get into any kind of a nebbish
up the run with the Hall of Fame because
now but I know I've known I die I'm
flattered when I when I first found out
that he had been a fan of mine when he
was a little kid but
flatted with that but I've been a fan of
his because I remember hearing about him
from high school because my kid and some
of his body said we're wrestling and
wrestled with Kurt and and they were
talking then about how good he was then
of course when needed in college then
what he what he did with the Olympics
and then as a professional when he made
that transition and I purposely watch I
wasn't watching wrestling much in those
days
I watched when Kurt came on because I
want to see what he was like and he
absolutely amazed me how a talented he
was and now he really shot up there and
he shined amongst the the present stars
of today so you know the Kurt is just
one of the greatest this verse I'm
concerned when you combine the amateur
with the pros and then the all of Fame
that's coming up in the future you can
be sure my friend you'll be in it
obviously you've seen generations of
generations of wrestling give me the
contrast of wrestling today versus where
you will wrestle it's a lot different
yeah it is a lot because in my day we
depended on the arena today they have
pay-per-view they have merchandising and
television is very very big so what we
had to do we didn't have all that we
didn't have no pay-per-view we had no
merchandising we didn't have the big
money's from television so we depended
strictly on the arena so we had to make
wrestling matches for example that if I
wrestled a Kurt Angle in Madison Square
Garden I had to come back with him maybe
next month in the month after so yet
he's a different kind of strategy
different kind of wrestling in order to
keep the crowds interested to where they
would want to come back a second and a
third time and so forth it was it was it
was don't get me wrong I'm not
suggesting that these guys weren't great
or anything like it but I'm just saying
it was a completely different ballgame
as far as to what what we had to do
versus what they have to do you know I
don't know maybe have a different
perspective that's now you're right
if you come from a guy that sold out
Madison Square Garden 189 times well
thank you gentlemen for being so humble
and for your time thank you
thank you